// Overview

Visit the site and see homepage with blog posts, navigation links and login option.
Click on homepage link to go to homepage.
Click on other navigation links to sign up or sign in.
Sign up by entering username and password.
Sign in later by entering username and password.
See navigation links for homepage, dashboard, and logout while signed in.
Click on homepage to see existing blog posts with post title and date.
Click on a blog post to view post title, contents, and comments with option to leave a comment.
Leave a comment by entering comment and clicking submit.
Click on dashboard to see existing blog posts and add a new blog post.
Add new blog post by entering title and contents.
View and update/delete existing blog posts from dashboard.
Log out from site.
After idling, log in again to add, update, or delete comments.

// Steps

Create the homepage template, which will include:
a. Existing blog posts (if any have been posted)
b. Navigation links for the homepage and the dashboard
c. The option to log in

Set up routing for the homepage so that it is displayed when the user visits the site for the first time.

Add the option for users to sign up or sign in when they click on any links in the navigation.

Create a sign-up page where users can create a username and password.

Save user credentials when the user clicks the sign-up button.

Log the user into the site once their credentials have been saved.

Create a login page where users can enter their username and password.

Display the homepage and the dashboard with the option to log out when the user is signed in.

Create a template for the blog post, which will include:
a. The post title
b. The post contents
c. The post creator’s username
d. The date created

Add the ability to leave a comment on a blog post while signed in.

Save comments and update the post to display the comment, the comment creator’s username, and the date created when the user clicks the submit button.

Create a dashboard where the user can view any blog posts they have already created and add a new blog post.

Create a page for adding a new blog post, which will prompt the user to enter both a title and contents for their blog post.

Save the title and contents of the new blog post and take the user back to an updated dashboard with their new post.

Add the ability to delete or update an existing post from the dashboard.

Implement a logout feature in the navigation.

Sign the user out of the site when they click the logout option in the navigation.

Implement an idle timeout for the site, which will prompt the user to log in again before they can add, update, or delete comments.